io:
ii: oi
oo: oi

llaapp is correct
llaap: llaapp
laapp: llaapp
llapp: llaapp
llaaapp: llaapp
lllaapp: llaapp
llaappp: llaapp
lap:
lapp:
llap:
laap:
lllaappp:
llaaappp:
lllaaapp:
lllaaappp:
aappll:
ppaall:
llppaa:
ppllaa:

ore: more
mor: more
mre: more
moe: more
mmore: more
morre: more
moore: more
moree: more

ine: mine line
mile: mine
nine: mine line
nile:
lie: line
sore: more core
punch: lunch
tore: more core
ore: more core
a:

abcdef is correct
abcdfe is correct
abcde: abcdef abcdfe
abcdf: abcdef abcdfe
abcdefg is correct
adefb: adefbc
abcdgfe: abcdfe

b: a
ab: a aa
aab: aa aaa
aaab: aaa aaaa
aaaab: aaaa aaaaa
aaaaab: aaaaa aaaaaa
ba: a aa
aba: aa aaa
baa: aa aaa
abaa: aaa aaaa
baaa: aaa aaaa
aaaab: aaaa aaaaa

oo: too
moe: more me
modre: more
mored: more
mer: me
mre: more me
me is correct
aware: award
m: i my me
contest is correct
hav: has have
or:
i is correct
fi: i
mre: more me

feve: five

lnh: linh
lonh: linh long
ong: long
hong: long huong
huo:
uon:
oa: hoa
ha: hoa
hoa is correct
ran: tran
tan: tran
nart:
nar:

byn: ban
live: love like
levi:
haqe: hate have
bn: ban
an: ban
lock: block

b: a
alqha: alpha
alqah:
zer: zero
ezro:
zeo: zero
eno:
tno: two
ono: one
three is correct
hour: four
feve: five

liv: live
lve: live
lev:
chan: chuan
chaan: chuan
game is correct
proyram: program
iind: ind
inf: ind in
woudld: would

liv: live
lve: live leve
lev: leve
chan: chuan
chaan: chuan
thu: chu phu
game is correct
proyram:
iind: ind
inf: ind in
woudld: would woodld

ore: more
moe: more me
mor: more
emore: more
moere: more
me is correct
aware: award
m: i my me
contest is correct
hav: has have
oo: too
or:
i is correct
fi: i
mre: more me
mer: me
moe: more me
modre: more
mored: more

me is correct
aware: award
m: i my me
contest is correct
hav: has have
oo: too
or:
i is correct
fi: i
mre: more me
mer: me
moe: more me
modre: more
mored: more

xoo: oo
oxo: oo
oox: oo
xo: oo
ox: oo
oo is correct
o: oo

xfffffffff: fffffffff
fxffffffff: fffffffff
ffxfffffff: fffffffff
fffxffffff: fffffffff
ffffxfffff: fffffffff
fffffxffff: fffffffff
ffffffxfff: fffffffff
fffffffxff: fffffffff
ffffffffxf: fffffffff
fffffffffx: fffffffff
ffffffff: fffffffff
ffffffffff: fffffffff
xffffffff: fffffffff
fxfffffff: fffffffff
ffxffffff: fffffffff
fffxfffff: fffffffff
ffffxffff: fffffffff
fffffxfff: fffffffff
ffffffxff: fffffffff
fffffffxf: fffffffff
ffffffffx: fffffffff
xfffffffx:
fxfffffxf:
ffxfffxff:
fffxfxfff:
ffffxxfff:
fffxfxfff:
ffxfffxff:
fxfffffxf:
xfffffffx:

xifferenx:
dxfferext:
dixferxnt:
difxexent:
diffxxent:
difxexent:
dixferxnt:
dxfferext:
xifferenx:
xifferentx:
dxfferentx:
dixferentx:
difxerentx:
diffxrentx:
diffexentx:
differxntx:
differextx:
differenxx:
xifferent: different
dxfferent: different
dixferent: different
difxerent: different
diffxrent: different
diffexent: different
differxnt: different
differext: different
differenx: different
zdifferent: different
dzifferent: different
dizfferent: different
difzferent: different
diffzerent: different
diffezrent: different
differzent: different
differeznt: different
differenzt: different
differentz: different
differen: different
differet: different
differnt: different
diffeent: different
diffrent: different
diferent: different
diferent: different
dfferent: different
ifferent: different

9 is correct
6 is correct
99: 9 69
66: 6 69
996:
669: 69
999:
666:

69:
6:
9:

aia:
iaiii:
wii:
iiiiw:
weeee:

ak: k aak
ka: kaa k
kkk:
kak: kaa aak

label is correct
labl: label
lble:
lbl: bl lb

ess: ness mess gess wess pess

e: q w r t y u i o p a s d f g h j k l z x c v b n m
aa: a
bb: b
cc: c
dd: d

eeee is correct

3:
2:
1:
33:
22:
11:
12: 123 132 312
23: 123 213 231
31: 231 312 321

3: 13 23 31 32
2: 12 21 23 32
1: 12 13 21 31
33: 13 23 31 32
22: 12 21 23 32
11: 12 13 21 31
12 is correct
23 is correct
31 is correct

ac: acc
ca: cca
cc: ccc cca acc

a: aa
aa is correct
aaa: aa
aac: aa
acc:
aacc:
eee:
eeee: eeeee
eeeee is correct
eeeeee: eeeee
eeeeeee:

ce:
o: oh
m: my
go:
nes: ness
b:
ee: bee
e:
ice: nice

eck: heck
ake: fake lake nake
ext: text next
gek: geek

bb: ab
b: ab
a: ab

a is correct
b: a c
c is correct

a: ab
b: ab bc
c: bc cd
d: cd de
e: de ef
f: ef fg
g: fg gh
h: gh

meomeomeo is correct
meomeome: meomeomeo
meomemeo: meomeomeo
meomomeo: meomeomeo
eomeomeo: meomeomeo
meomeoeo: meomeomeo
meomeme:
eomeo:
eome:
eom:
eo:

me is correct
aware: award
m: i my me
contest is correct
hav: has have
oo: too
or:
i is correct
fi: i
mre: more me
